# VE215_FA2019

### Honor Code Disclaimer

If there is same questions or labs in the future, it is the responsibility of JI students not to copy or modify these codes, or TeX files because it is against the Honor Code. The owner of this repository doesn't take any commitment for other's faults.

According to the student handbook (2019 version),

> It is a violation of the Honor Code for students to submit, as their own, work that is not the result of their own labor and thoughts. This applies, in particular, to ideas, expressions or work obtained from other students as well as from books, the internet, and other sources. The failure to properly credit ideas, expressions or work from others is considered plagiarism.

### Correctness

| Name          | Score | Out of | Mean |
| ------------- | ----- | ------ | ---- |
| HW1           | 100   | 100    | 97   |
| HW2           | 99    | 100    | 96.5 |
| HW3           | 100   | 100    | 94.5 |
| HW4           | 100   | 100    | 97.1 |
| HW5           | 95    | 100    | 89.9 |
| HW6           | 100   | 100    | 94.6 |
| HW7           | 97    | 100    | 90.6 |
| HW8           | 100   | 100    | 97.9 |
| HW9           | 100   | 100    | 95.6 |
| HW10          | 100   | 100    | 100  |
| Lab #1 Report | 40    | 40     | 40   |
| Lab #2 Report | 42    | 40     | 40.1 |
| Lab #3 Report | 40    | 40     | 39.8 |
| Lab #4 Report | 40    | 40     | 39.8 |
| Lab #5 Report | 38    | 40     | 37   |

Add manuals and descriptions of problems.

------

Note that in Lab 5 you need to measure input signal amplitude in Vppk or (m)Vppk for each frequency in each part. The expected transfer function magnitude and the expected transfer function magnitude in dB on the datasheet are completed by the trio in lab so may have errors. More reliable values should be referred to the values generated by MATLAB in *.tex file. By the way, the photos in Lab 4 may have wrong correspondence to the sine wave and the square wave in Part I and Part II, so they are listed in the end of Section 4 together.

Since we do not need to submit all the files to Canvas but only the PDF files, so the manuals and data sheets are also included in each folders. However, all of them contain no information about authors, revisers, or references.

As is shown in the title page of each lab report, the lab cooperators are [Fang Han](https://github.com/Kasumigaoka-Utaha) and [Cai Yiteng](https://github.com/AlonsoChate).